---
title: $2.8 billion wagered in Nevada on Super Bowl 50
date: 2023-01-03 18:04:58
categories:
- Double Down Casino
tags:
---


#  $2.8 billion wagered in Nevada on Super Bowl 50

The Nevada Gaming Control Board released its Super Bowl 50 betting report on Wednesday, revealing that $2.8 billion was wagered on the big game in the state.

The majority of that money, $1.9 billion, was bet at Nevada sportsbooks. The remaining $900 million was wagered illegally.

Just under $4 million was bet on the point spread, with Carolina favored by 5.5 points. Bettors who took the Panthers were rewarded with a winning payout when they upset the Denver Broncos 24-10.

The total amount wagered on the game surpassed the previous record of $2.6 billion set in last year’s Super Bowl.

#  More money bet on Kentucky Derby than any other race in the U.S.3. $435 million wagered in Nevada on NCAA Men's Basketball tournament
What do the three have in common? They are all popular sporting events with a lot of money wagered. It is no wonder that people are drawn to these events to try and make some money.

The Kentucky Derby is no exception when it comes to money being wagered. In fact, more money is bet on the Derby than any other race in the United States. In 2017, total wagers were $435 million in Nevada. That number does not even include bets made at out of state locations.

While there is no one sure way to pick a winner at the Derby, or any other sporting event for that matter, people will continue to gamble on them in the hopes of making some easy money. And with so much money up for grabs, it is no wonder that these events are so popular.

# 4. $1.5 billion wagered on football in the U.S. in 2014

Betting on football is a big business in the United States. In 2014, Americans wagered $1.5 billion on the sport, including bets on both professional and college games.

While some people bet for fun, others view it as a serious investment. And for those who bet successfully, it can be a very profitable venture.

Professional football is by far the most popular sport to bet on in the U.S., but college football is also a major draw. In fact, betting on college games often offers more opportunities for big payouts, as there are more games and more potential matchups between evenly matched teams.

Thanks to websites like Sports Betting Dime, it’s easier than ever to make football bets online. You can place individual bets or participate in pools with other fans of the sport.

No matter how you choose to wager on football, just be sure to have fun and enjoy the excitement of the game!

# 5. Record amount of money bet on this year's World Series

The 2017 World Series is now underway, and it is already one of the most heavily bet sporting events in history. So far, more than $158 million has been wagered on this year's Series, with the vast majority of that coming from bettors in the United States.

That figure already surpasses the total amount wagered on last year's World Series by about $10 million, and it is likely to continue increasing as the Series goes on. The record amount of money bet on a World Series is $219.8 million, which was set in 2016.

It is not entirely clear why so much money is being wagered on this year's World Series. Some experts believe that the increased interest in gambling among Americans has something to do with it, while others say that fans are simply betting more money because the potential payouts are higher this year.

Whatever the reason, one thing is for sure: there is a lot of money at stake in this year's World Series. So make sure you tune in to see who comes out on top!